[Music]
what's going on guys big in here and
today I'm gonna show you how to do all
Deeks I'm actually gonna refer you to a
video that covers 99% of them but the
thing is EA Sports actually made a
pretty awesome video it shows you the
exact controls shows the exact moves
shows you everything the only ones that
leave out is the spinorama
and all you got to do is hit the l2
button I gonna do is tap l2 if you hold
it you start skating backwards but if
you're skiing along you tap l2 you do a
spin around you can go either way so
yeah so they leave that one out the next
one are probably the best move it's not
really a deep but protective puck you
just hold in Exxon ps4 the equipment on
Xbox one and you'll protect the park
whatever way you're going right so hold
it at the side and that's the best way
when you're down low the defenders were
kind of bounce off you and remember
there's a glitch goal right there with
it which only works if you hit the net
so that move they also left out and then
the one where you bounce it off the edge
of your skate like that that's exactly
what it is I can't do that all the time
I don't even know hundred percent know
how I just did that but yeah so there it
is there again so I can only seem to do
it when I'm turned back that way but
anyway so they leave that one out as
well
but other not anything through the legs
all the OneTouch dekes anything any
dekes basically any dekes they show you
everything the stride cuts the
absolutely everything go check out this
video it shows you the controls I get
asked all the time that's why I'm making
this quick video how do you do that d
how do you do that
bacon how'd you do that private messages
all the time and the best spots to do
Deeks is right about there just when you
get over the blue line that's where the
defense is gonna try to take you so
unless you're gonna charge wide bring it
down low protect the park through the
legs and tuck it Oh so unless you're
gonna do that then the best plot to do
is generally right here wait for the
defense trying to get you do that noose
tried cut rip the top cheese or get
robbed anyways guys hopefully you like
this video be sure to go check that
wanna like up this video for me so
everybody else can see how to do all the
Deeks in NHL 15 and I got a ton more
videos comment the game comes out very
soon so hone their skills here and get
ready to go and get ready to light some
kids up online hopefully you guys like
this video see you guys soon